ElectroPortis licensing
=======================
Different components of ElectroPortis are covered under different licenses;
please take care before using code from this project.

### src/ep.c

ep.c is a decompilation of ElectroPaint, a work by David Tristram, distributed
with permission.  ElectroPaint is a US trademark owned by Tristram Visual, a
sole proprietorship operating in California.  Inquiries may be directed to
info@tristram.com and www.tristram.com.

### Other files under src/ and include/

Copyright (C) 2014 Mark Laws

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

### ext/SHRWLocks/*

Copyright (c) 2009 Valery Grebnev

Covered by the Code Project Open License, available at:
http://www.codeproject.com/info/cpol10.aspx

The original source distribution is available at:

http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/34190/Reader-writer-locks-with-a-helper

### ext/rand48/*

Copyright (c) 1993 Martin Birgmeier

See the files for details.

### ext/vs2012_math/*

These files are not used in the program but are present to ease backporting to
previous versions of Visual Studio, should someone wish to do so.  They were
taken from FreeBSD, but as the FreeBSD maintainers neglected to place their own
license text in them, the overarching FreeBSD license is assumed, which is
available at:

http://www.freebsd.org/copyright/freebsd-license.html

### ext/wglext/*

Copyright (c) 2013-2014 The Khronos Group Inc.

See the files for details.
